This senior brother
Teach him a good lesson for me
Teacher brother rest assured
Let's see how we can avenge you.
It's over. It's over.
It's completely out of play now
This night Wuji hits 9
How could you possibly win?
Yeah, there's still a chance
It was all buried by the limelight of Wuji this night
Nonsense. This is nonsense.
Ye Wuji, if you lose
The Blue Gate has really become the laughing stock of the cultivation world
Promise!
The hope of the blue door is all on you
Come on, little brother
kid
You said we will repair your place first later.
Sir, I can let you make your own decision.
Fix me
You'd better take care of yourself first
The fifth layer of Vientiane Guiyang Palace
A senior brother, please save me
This guy's reputation is too deep
Can't stop it
I will give my hand to Wei Yuangong
What?